Handbook incident response process (#40436)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/product-groups.md

Each product group maintains two engineers assigned to incident on-call. Engineers in this rotation should be comfortable leading mitigation efforts during a production incident.

> The incident on-call rotation and handoff are handled automatically by incident.io. The on-call rotation may be adjusted in incident.io with approval from the EMs of any product groups affected. Any changes should be made before the start of the sprint so that capacity can be planned accordingly.

#### Incident on-call responsibilities

**Outside of business hours**

The incident on-call engineer is responsible for stabilizing the issue well enough to pick it back up in the morning. They should file P1 issues for any immediate follow-up items that need to be addressed during the next business day.

**During business hours**

The incident on-call engineer is responsible for responding to and triaging incidents. Instead of trying to fix the issue themselves, they will typically reach out to the most relevant product group and ask who can jump in to take lead on the resolution.

> Any mentions that do not meet [P0 criteria](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/communications#high-priority-user-stories-and-bugs) should be acknowledged and redirected to the on-call engineer.

Reviewer: Do these issues stay in incident.io? What happens to the incident ticket?

Author: ```suggestion
Any incident response issues that do not meet [P0 criteria](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/communications#high-priority-user-stories-and-bugs) should be acknowledged and closed, and the reporter redirected to contact @oncall in #help-engineering for a response during business hours.
```
